README.md, before:

## LynxJS ##
***
### About ###
LynxJS is a lightweight HTML5 Game Engine built with event driven gameplay in mind. Our goal is to provide an framework advanced enough to get the best performance from the machine while simplifying the game developer's process to focus on creating content rather than spending hours writing code for a single feature.

At the moment, LynxJS is still in early development and may quckly change overnight. We're working toward our first milestone of 0.5.0 when code will become more stable.

### Features ###
+ Easy Environment Setup
+ WebGL Renderer with Multibuffered Canvas fallback
+ Advanced Component Support
+ Layered scenes for better performance
+ Timed Events
+ Extendable dynamic shaders
+ Powerful framework for event driven gameplay
+ And more...

### Roadmap ###
We keep track of where we're going and the features we'd like to impliment next through the issue system right here on GitHub! Check out our milestones to see what we're working on next!

### Documentation ###
Currently the documentation for LynxJS is only offered inline for people who wish to contribute to development. The LynxJS Wiki will be brought online for Milestone 0.5.0. Until then, if you have any questions feel free to contact any developer on twitter!

### How to Contribute ###
At the moment, LynxJS is only being developed by Cosrnos. As an open source project, LynxJS will rely on bug reports and feature requests to grow. If you're interested in contributing to the project, submit an issue or patch. Take a look at the Issues section on GitHub to see features we'd like to impliment ASAP!

### Developers ###

* [@Cosrnos](http://twitter.com/cosrnos "Cosrnos on Twitter")

Commit message:

[REFACTOR] Starts Rewrite v 3
v 0.0.1 Again!

Signed-off-by: Alex Roth <alex@coschedule.com>

README.md, after:

## LynxJS ##
***

### Important : Third Rewrite (0.0.1 again!)
I keep getting into a cycle with Lynx of a month of rapid development and three months off development. Usually in this three month period I learn so much about javascript and game theory that refactoring the current code base would take more time than a rewrite. That being said, this is the final rewrite, mostly to improve code standards and follow a good style guide. For more info please see the Github issues for our project.

### About ###
LynxJS is a lightweight HTML5 Game Engine built with event driven gameplay in mind. Our goal is to provide an framework advanced enough to get the best performance from the machine while simplifying the game developer's process to focus on creating content rather than spending hours writing code for a single feature.

At the moment, LynxJS is still in early development and may quckly change overnight. We're working toward our first milestone of 0.5.0 when code will become more stable.

### Features ###
+ Easy Environment Setup
+ WebGL Renderer with Multibuffered Canvas fallback
+ Advanced Component Support
+ Layered scenes for better performance
+ Timed Events
+ Extendable dynamic shaders
+ Powerful framework for event driven gameplay
+ And more...

### Roadmap ###
We keep track of where we're going and the features we'd like to impliment next through the issue system right here on GitHub! Check out our milestones to see what we're working on next!

### Documentation ###
Currently the documentation for LynxJS is only offered inline for people who wish to contribute to development. The LynxJS Wiki will be brought online for Milestone 0.5.0. Until then, if you have any questions feel free to contact any developer on twitter!

### How to Contribute ###
At the moment, LynxJS is only being developed by Cosrnos. As an open source project, LynxJS will rely on bug reports and feature requests to grow. If you're interested in contributing to the project, submit an issue or patch. Take a look at the Issues section on GitHub to see features we'd like to impliment ASAP!

### Developers ###

* [@Cosrnos](http://twitter.com/cosrnos "Cosrnos on Twitter")
